README.md, before:

# steam
Search Tags in Erlang Application or Module

## Overview ##
`steam` is a module detecting Debian package tags on Erlang projects. 

Debian package tags are used because of their completeness compared to many other distributions. However those tags can be easily transcoded to anothers if needed.

Reference is [Debtags](http://anonscm.debian.org/cgit/debtags/vocabulary.git/tree/debian-packages).

All relevant tags for Erlang projects are automatically detected from abstract code, except tags of facet `use`.
This subjective facet cannot be detected for now and to be declared by projects maintainers.

## Contributing ##

Contributions are welcome. Please use pull-requests.

Facet `use` (The general purpose of the software) is to be informed by Erlang projects maintainer in `src/steam_use.hrl`. 

Note : only pull requests coming from owner of project will be accepted for this facet `use`.

## API ##

### Search tags in a project ###

Extracting Debian tags use `steam:tags/1`. 

Argument is the path to the Erlang project root directory.

Returns `{ok, ListOfTags}` or `{error, Reason}`.

```
1> steam:tags("/path/to/root/project/directory/").
{ok,['implemented-in::erlang','protocol::ip',
     'protocol::ssh','scope::suite','use::organizing']}

```

### Listing facets ###
Debian tag classification use [Facets](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faceted_classification).

Listing facets used in tags : `steam:facets().`

Listing all potential facets : `steam:facets(all).`

### Listing tags ###

Listing available tags : `steam:tags().`

## Quick Start ##

```
git clone git://github.com/crownedgrouse/steam.git
cd steam
make
erl -pa `pwd`/ebin
```
or
```
git clone git://github.com/crownedgrouse/steam.git
cd steam
make shell
```

Commit message:

Add ability to owner to override tags in project

README.md, after:

# steam
Search Tags in Erlang Application or Module

## Overview ##
`steam` is a module detecting Debian package tags on Erlang projects. 

Debian package tags are used because of their completeness compared to many other distributions. However those tags can be easily transcoded to anothers if needed.

Reference is [Debtags](http://anonscm.debian.org/cgit/debtags/vocabulary.git/tree/debian-packages).

All relevant tags for Erlang projects are automatically detected from abstract code, except tags of facet `use`.
This subjective facet cannot be detected for now and to be declared by projects maintainers.

## Contributing ##

Contributions are welcome. Please use pull-requests.

### In steam project ###
Facet `use` (The general purpose of the software) is to be informed by Erlang projects maintainer in `src/steam_use.hrl`. 

Note : only pull requests coming from owner of project will be accepted for this facet `use`.

### In your own project ###
Alternatively, and prefered way, you can tune steam tags by adding attribute in your own project code.

Simply add a `steam` attribute in top of your main project file, as a list containing optional tuples :

- Tuple `tag` contains a list of tags to add to steam analyze. Note that _ALL_ tags must already exists in steam project or none will be added.
You can verify this by getting the whole list with `steam:tags()` function.
- Tuple `untag` contains a list of tags to remove from steam analyze. This should be used only to repair a false positive until a fix in steam code is done.

```
-steam([{tag,['use::analysing']}, % Add tag(s) (must ALL exists)
		{untag,[]}                % Remove any unwanted tag(s)
	   ]).
```

## API ##

### Search tags in a project ###

Extracting Debian tags use `steam:tags/1`. 

Argument is the path to the Erlang project root directory.

Returns `{ok, ListOfTags}` or `{error, Reason}`.

```
1> steam:tags("/path/to/root/project/directory/").
{ok,['implemented-in::erlang','protocol::ip',
     'protocol::ssh','scope::suite','use::organizing']}

```

### Listing facets ###
Debian tag classification use [Facets](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faceted_classification).

Listing facets used in tags : `steam:facets().`

Listing all potential facets : `steam:facets(all).`

### Listing tags ###

Listing available tags : `steam:tags().`

## Quick Start ##

```
git clone git://github.com/crownedgrouse/steam.git
cd steam
make
erl -pa `pwd`/ebin
```
or
```
git clone git://github.com/crownedgrouse/steam.git
cd steam
make shell
```
